docs, scripts: Fix inheritance explanation and help text typo (#16145)
ethereum/solidity: docs/contracts/inheritance.rst

If ``Final`` calls a function of ``super``, it does not simply
call this function on one of its base contracts.  Rather, it
calls this function on the next base contract in the final

> inheritance graph, so it will call ``Base2.emitEvent()`` (note that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inheritance graph, ensuring that ``Base1.emitEvent()`` is called (note that
```
